
1-

1. "A Clockwork Orange" - string
2. 42 - integer
3. 09/02/1945 - date
4. 98.7 - float
5. $15.99 - money


2- When we want to hold data that stays also when our program is not running, and want to search for a specific information, change or delete them. Databases are not for humans to read them. It is a kind of collection that our computers can understand and manipulate more easily.

Text files are understandable to humans so they can read them. Our computers would not manipulate a text file unless we write a specific function for them to execute it.

So we use text files when we want to make a change ourselves.

3- SQL is declarative rather than procedural language. So we don't describe each step to be taken by the computer, instead we write a result or goal and the computer executes it. 

SELECT * FROM users
WHERE userId = 2;

There is no search method described here.

4- Databases consist of rows and columns where each value is liked to another and thus could be tracked and obtained.

5- 
1. Table is the place where all the information is stored.
2. Row is a line where different type of information about one particular item is stored.
3. Column is where we can add some information of a particular category about the items in our table.
4. Value is the input data that we fill the columns and rows with.

6- 
1. Integer
2. String
3. Date

7-  

1. 
 SELECT date, amount
 FROM payments;

 Select all the dates and their corresponding amounts from payments table. 

2.
 SELECT amount
 FROM payments
 WHERE amount > 500;

 Select all the amounts that are bigger than 500 from the payments table.

3.
 SELECT *
 FROM payments
 WHERE payee = 'Mega Foods';

 Select all the information about the payee called Mega Foods from payments table.

4. Users table => 

 1. The email and sign-up date for the user named DeAndre Data.
 
 SELECT email, signupdate
 FROM users
 WHERE username = 'DeAndre Data';

This query will return the corresponding email and sign update of the user DeAndre Data from the users table.

 2. The user ID for the user with email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu'.

 SELECT userid
 FROM users
 WHERE email = 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu';

This query will return the corresponding userId of the user with the email 'aleesia.algorithm@uw.edu' from the users table.


 3. All the columns for the user ID equal to 4.
  
 SELECT * 
 FROM users
 WHERE userid = 4;

This query will return all the corresponding information of the user with the userid 4 from the users table.


 









